This game is almost 
meaningless. An only 
meaning of this game 
is to try to beat 
other player's best 
score. But you can 
do something easier, 
like simply delete 
top score file from 
main directory of 
this game, or better 
don't play this dam 
annoying game at all.

If you have decided, 
ore have been forced 
to play this game, 
you must know 
something about it.

Game is controlled 
by fee buttons, 
which can be 
redefined (redefined 
can be only controls 
in game not in 
menus). Game 
contains three basic 
types of figures and 
9 speed levels that 
increase time that 
can be spent by 
playing this annoying 
game called Tetris. 
Before start to play 
game you are able to 
co figurate almost 
all parameters of 
game (like level, 
type, grid, sound, 
next, and redefine 
controls). During the 
game you can't change 
only two parameters: 
level and type. Score 
is influenced by 
level, type and 
visibility of next 
falling cube (with 
can be changed 
during the game). 
Player is able to 
save some progress 
in game. Process can 
be saved during the 
game. There are only 
few slots for saves, 
if all slots are 
used, during the 
game you can delete 
some 
(or all of course).
